I felt a hand grab the back of my jacket. I felt my body leave the earth. Next I was standing, then I was up on my feet again, then a man big enough to play defensive tackle and defensive end at the same time, with skin blacker than gasoline, grabbed me by my lapels and lifted me back off the ground. He was wearing a black fez with a silver eye embossed on it with arrows coming out of it like rays from a hieroglyph of Aten. 
“You know why we let you live, Firstman?” 
“What?” I didn’t know what else to say. 
“We let you live because we’re noble-minded and true disciples of the honorable path. See a Firstman is never to make war with a Firstman. See that’s the first Foundation. You create on that.”
I didn’t know what to say. I didn’t even know what he was saying. His friend came over. They looked like twins that had been separated only yesterday. Same fez, same open staring silver eye, same arrows, same size, same thick neck, thick hands, dim black eyes surrounded by pale yellow, same black suit, same silver bowtie, but one thing was different. On his lapel was a small pin, just small enough so I couldn’t make out the details. “Create brother, create. Talk to this deadman.” 
I said the same thing I said last time, nothing. I just hung there, suspended a few inches off the ground by the first shooter’s hideous strength.
“The second foundation-”
“Wait,” I said, I didn’t want to know anything about the second foundation. I wished I didn’t know anything about the first. I shook my head, “what is this, who sent you?”
“Firstman, you don’t even know what the truth is and you’re asking questions?” The second shoot said cocking his head and giving me a look like he was surprised that I had the gall to open my mouth instead of listening to them tell me about whatever the Second Foundation was. The first guy, the one that was holding me up was still trying to remember what he was going to say before I interrupted him.
“How am I supposed to get the truth if I don’t ask questions?”
“See that’s your problem Firstman, you too smart for your own good. You don’t think we know who you are?”
“Oh yeah? Well go ahead and tell me. I’ve been having trouble remembering ever since you almost blew my brains out.”
“Nah see you don’t know who you are. You let them put you in that deep sleep the sleep of ages, you let them put you ice, you let them give you a new name, dress you up in their clothes, worship in their temples, and pray to their God. See you right, you don’t know who you are, but we know who we are, and we know who you are and we know who they are, and we know what that book is, Firstman.”
I could tell now why he was wearing the lapel pin. He had given me all that without having having so much as thought about breathing, while the other the guy was still trying to remember which letter came first in the alphabet A or the number four. 
“What book?” I looked around at the shelves. I was good at playing dumb, I was a born natural, and I played just as dumb as the doorknob of an intellectual that was holding me up. It seemed to work. The guy with the lapel pin stopped and looked around the room, he looked at the all the books they’d blasted, all the labored over sentences and agonized over paragraphs they’d scattered. Maybe he was wondering if they’d accidentally shot the thing to smithereens or if they’d maybe gotten the wrong bookstore, found the wrong Firstman, and were going to have their fezes slapped off as a consequence.
“What’s your name, Firstman?” The guy holding me said. He must have given up on the other thought.
“You first, I don’t give anything away for free.” He grabbed my lapels a little bit harder but it meant nothing now. I barely knew what the First Foundation was but I knew good and well that they weren’t going to violate it. It was holding something up, something deep in the heart of them and if they went against it everything else would come crashing down. I could do or say anything to them without consequence. 
“The name I chose is 11Z, and that,” He nodded toward the guy with the lapel pin who was picking at this teeth now with a toothpick he’d pulled from his jacket pocket, “that is 3rd degree creator Musa Zerzura.”
What could I have possibly said? 
I heard movement. I thought it might be Nante, I imagined the poor cat wide eyed and scared out of his wits, hairs raised and a ear with a hole blown through it like an alley cat in an old cartoon. I was worried he’d pop his little feline head up just to get it blasted clean off his body but him showing up at all would be a distraction and I need a distraction. I need a distraction and a plan to get out of this guy’s grip so I could go check on Noonday. I felt sick thinking of him laying there, face down in his own blood and the long coffin they’d have to bury him in. 11Z sat me down but didn’t let go of my overcoat. He turned toward the sound and made a pained thoughtful face like he was trying to figure out how to hold his gun with two hands and hold me at the same time. Musa Zerzura, always the quick thinker, swung his rifle from around his back and aimed it toward the sound. 
It took Noonday a long time to stand. He looked like Abraham Lincoln waking up from a nap. He slowly dusted himself off, scanned the room for Nante, and almost called his name but caught sight of the rifle aimed right at him before the words could get out of his throat. 
“Do you know what the second Foundation is,” Musa said. 
“I’m guessing it isn’t do unto others as you’d have them do unto you.” 
“The Second Foundation of the Lost and Found Science is you shall not suffer your enemy to live.”
“I figured it was something like that.” I said. 11Z’s grip on me had loosened and I gently slid myself out of it. His brain was doing the higher mathematics of how to hold two objects without it necessitating four hands, as a result had no time or brain power to focus on me. Musa’s back was turned and his finger was on the trigger. I slowly removed my tie, I needed a little bit more time. I didn’t know of any other way to buy it. Running my mouth seemed as good a stalling tactic as any.
“Wait, wait, what did you mean before about me not knowing who I was,” I used my best confused, yet curious voice and slowly wrapped either end of my tie around each of my hands until it was taught in the middle, and just the length of a thick neck. “Don’t tell me it has something to do with those Foundations?”
“It has everything to do with them Firstman,” Musa said. His finger was still on the trigger and he hadn’t taken his eyes off Noonday. They were both sweating. Noonday raised his hands so high in the air that the tips of them just about touched the ceiling. “See the Science is what they took from you, the real Science is what our people knew in Zerzura.”
	“Zerzura?” I said, and took the slowest step I’d ever taken toward Musa.
“Zerzua is our homeland, that’s the true Jerusalem, that’s the city on seven hills, the city of Kings and Queens, the realm of Creators and Lifegivers. Hidden in Africa until we all learn the Science.”
